Update Wasm page with firefox update (#8730)
flutter/website: src/platform-integration/web/wasm.md

#### Load it in a browser

As of {{page.last-update}}, there are two known browser types that should run
Flutter/Wasm content.

> - Chromimum-based browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chromium-based browsers
```

#### Load it in a browser

> As of {{page.last-update}}, there are two known broswer types that should run

Reviewer 2: **typo:**
```suggestion
As of {{page.last-update}}, there are two known browser types that should run
```

Flutter/Wasm content.

> - Chromimum-based broswers
>   - Version 113 or greater.
>   - With the `enable-webassembly-garbage-collection`
>     [flag](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/chrome-flags/)
>     enabled.
> - Firefox
>   - The
>     [nightly channel](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/channel/desktop/#nightly)
>     is required. (Verified on v.115.0a1)
>   - With two additional preferences set in
>     [about:config](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/about-config-editor-firefox):
>     - `javascript.options.wasm_function_references`
>     - `javascript.options.wasm_gc`

Reviewer 2: **nit:** Make active voice and parallel.
```suggestion
- Chromimum-based browsers
  - Run version 113 or greater.
  - Set the `enable-webassembly-garbage-collection`
    [flag](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/chrome-flags/).
- Firefox
  - Run the
    [nightly channel](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/channel/desktop/#nightly)
    build. (Verified on v.115.0a1)
  - Set two additional preferences set
    [about:config](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/about-config-editor-firefox):
    - `javascript.options.wasm_function_references`
    - `javascript.options.wasm_gc`
```

> If your configured browser meets the stated requirements, open `localhost:8080`

Reviewer 2: **nit:** Be clear on which requirements.
```suggestion
If your configured browser meets the requirements stated earlier, open `localhost:8080`
```

Wasm support has some limitations. The following list covers the common issues.

#### Chrome or Firefox nightly, with flags

> As mentioned [earlier](#load-it-an-a-browser), to run Flutter web apps compiled
> to Wasm, use _Chrome 113 or later_ or a _Firefox nightly build_ with experimental flags
> enabled.

Reviewer: Let's be more explicit with the link since readers may not be reading it in order.

```suggestion
As mentioned in [Load it in a browser](#load-it-an-a-browser), 
to run Flutter web apps compiled to Wasm, 
use _Chrome 113 or later_ or a _Firefox nightly build_ with 
experimental flags enabled.
```

Wasm support has some limitations. The following list covers the common issues.

#### Chrome or Firefox nightly, with flags

As mentioned [earlier](#load-it-an-a-browser), to run Flutter web apps compiled

> to Wasm, use Chrome 113 or later or Firefox nightly with experimental flags

Reviewer 2: **nit:** Maybe italicize to make it stand out?
```suggestion
to Wasm, use _Chrome 113 or later_ or a _Firefox nightly build_ with experimental flags
```
